Add extension mechanism for `class mapping` decorators (#654)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/blue-jars-perform.md

---
"@finos/legend-studio": minor
---

> Improve extension mechanism for `class mapping` in form mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add extension mechanism for `class mapping` decorators in form mode
```

> Improvise extension mechanism for `class mapping` in form mode

Reviewer: I suppose you mean `improve/enhance` here.
